I don't understand you. You can check all available commands using !ww help
The name of the village has been changed successfully!
The name of the village can only be changed before the game starts!
Game created! You have 3 minutes to join the game using the command !ww join
There is already a game created
PLAYER has joined the game!
PLAYER you already had joined the game before
There is already a game in progress
There isn't any game created. To create one use !ww create
PLAYER has leaved the game!
PLAYER you were not playing the actual game
The actual players are:
Result of the game:
Creates a new game at the same time that it join you into it
Joins you to the created game
Leaves the actual game
Starts the game ignoring the remaining time
Lists all the players of the actual game, as well as their status
It's used for voting the player who will be lynched. It only can be used during the day
With it, you decide who you want to shred. Use restricted to lycanthropes!
Changes the name of the village
Change the actual language of the bot
It does exactly what you are seeing
It shows general information about the bot
It's needed at least 4 players to start a game
PLAYER1 has voted for PLAYER2
That player doesn't exists
Are you desperate enough to vote yourself? :(
You have already voted this round
You can only vote during the day!
Are you going to vote from your coffin or what?
You have voted for eating PLAYER
Only werewolves can murder during the night!
You can only murder during the night!
PLAYER has been beaten till death and has turned out to be a...
Today, the habitants of
VILLAGENAME village have decided that they won't hang nobody on the gallows and instead of that they are going to eat a good sirloin.
It's getting darker on
VILLAGENAME village, and all the villagers are going to bed... But as they sleep, the werewolves wake up.
The werewolves have 1'5 minutes to decide who they will have for dinner tonight!
Use !ww kill number to choose your dinner!
There is a beautiful morning in
VILLAGENAME village, except for
PLAYER who died in strange circumstances...
The sun raises in 
VILLAGENAME village, but it seems that nobody died tonight... Despite of that, you all know that there is a traitor among you...
You must vote for killing someone! You all have 2 minutes to decide!
Remember that for voting for someone, you have to use the command !ww vote number
Werewolves have won the game!
Villagers have won the game!
Language changed correctly!
The game is not available in that language
1 minute left to start the game!
You have 30 seconds left!
You can only play in the #werewolf channel!
The game started and you are a
Villager
Werewolf